# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 16ms]
  create-invalidation-state 78ms
  [gap of 32ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 126ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 21ms]
  create-invalidation-state 43ms
  [gap of 16ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 80ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 31ms]
  create-invalidation-state 47ms
  [gap of 39ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 12ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 129ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 31ms]
  create-invalidation-state 64ms
  [gap of 80ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 191ms

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 14ms]
  create-invalidation-state 49ms
  [gap of 30ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 32ms]
  create-invalidation-state 62ms
  [gap of 32ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 31ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 157ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 79ms]
  create-invalidation-state 122ms
  [gap of 31ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 21ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 253ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 76ms]
  create-invalidation-state 117ms
  [gap of 62ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 34ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 289ms

>>>>>>> 56a3008 (fix bug)
# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 130ms]
  create-invalidation-state 265ms
  [gap of 110ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 32ms
  [gap of 16ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 553ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 16ms]
  create-invalidation-state 63ms
  [gap of 15ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 110ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 16ms]
  create-invalidation-state 64ms
  [gap of 31ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 127ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 41ms]
  create-invalidation-state 101ms
  [gap of 44ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 22ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 208ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 72ms]
  create-invalidation-state 108ms
  [gap of 48ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 36ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 264ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 19ms]
  create-invalidation-state 61ms
  [gap of 39ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 12ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 133ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 45ms]
  create-invalidation-state 47ms
  [gap of 35ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 15ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 142ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 47ms]
  create-invalidation-state 141ms
  [gap of 47ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 32ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 267ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 42ms]
  create-invalidation-state 113ms
  [gap of 59ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 34ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 248ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 16ms]
  create-invalidation-state 102ms
  [gap of 64ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 15ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 197ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 47ms]
  create-invalidation-state 109ms
  [gap of 47ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 15ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 218ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 30ms]
  create-invalidation-state 90ms
  [gap of 33ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 153ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 37ms]
  create-invalidation-state 115ms
  [gap of 85ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 18ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 256ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 47ms]
  create-invalidation-state 94ms
  [gap of 47ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 188ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 31ms]
  create-invalidation-state 203ms
  [gap of 83ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 16ms
  [gap of 15ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 348ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 47ms]
  create-invalidation-state 93ms
  [gap of 31ms]
  write-metadata-json-to-file 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 187ms

